- he was a shining light in business
clearly absolutely
excluded in this point behind Sweden for
a bronze medal here Thomas Cole up there
when a hands understand second try
walking down was third
ready linger on the back great Speedway
if you watching Speedway for the first
time this afternoon on this Sunday
afternoon hope you love it as much as we
are
Poland 30 Denmark 25 Sweden 21 in heat
number 16
watch the rider travel school again
Solyndra makes a good story they can sit
right on the curb that's a mistake
because what happens next
looking around ruining the sodomy and
then somehow toilets corner good hands
and some Alison Luck's out a little bit
we're also for turn for swoops into the
lead and then go low
absolutely majestically gets up the
inside and gets himself to the front
brilliant Speedway in the World Cup we
always sleep brilliant smirre the World
Cup try working there just a little bit
unfortunate here there's so much class
here and certainly go Logan hands
ancient showed it big star well try
walking would just seems to be getting
better and better as we call that Kate
17h Joker time for team of Great Britain
they're here with Chris Harris going in
the yellow Hamid killer